♪
(whooshing)
(rumbling)
(snarling)
♪
-(men grunting)
-(horse neighs)
(men grunting)
OVERSEER:
Work as if Death has spared you.
It's the only reason
we let you live.
Now, hurry it up!
(man groaning weakly)
(men grunt, whimper)
(girl crying)
Did you not hear
what I just said?
(crying continues)
OVERSEER 2:
Keep it down! Silence that brat!
(grunts)
On your feet, worm.
There's no time for rest.
Get up, I said.
(grunting)
(groaning)
(grunts, pants)
How dare you!
(growling)
♪
(humming softly)
(humming continues)
♪
(growling, barking)
-(whimpering)
-What's going on?
-(snarling)
-(screams)
Stay back! (whimpers)
(growls)
(woman screams)
♪
(gasps)
(grunting)
(pained whimper)
(growls, barks)
(grunting)
(snarls)
(yells in pain)
(straining)
♪
WOMAN:
My dearest?
Come back safe.
(whimpers)
(gasps)
Don't go.
(exhales)
(yells)
(whimpering)
(gasps)
(grunting)
(groaning)
-(girl straining)
-(chain clinking)
(wailing)
(girl crying)
(grunting softly)
-(wood creaking)
-Ah...
(grunting)
(whooshing)
(gasps)
(groaning)
(sighs)
(grunting)
♪
(grunting with effort)
(girl coos)
That's the sun. (chuckles)
(panting)
♪
I'm a survivor once again.
(grunting)
(grunts)
Mama?
(gasps, whimpers)
(whimpers)
♪
(grunts)
(sighs)
(animal screeches)
-Huh?
-That way.
A pyuika.
♪
(birds squawking)
YOTALU:
Such a tragic sight.
Is it really the work
of Aquafa loyalists?
The people of Aquafa yielded to
the Zolian Empire ten years ago.
I can assure you that
our loyalty remains steadfast.
I know it does.
OFFICER:
He has arrived, my lord.
This salt mine-- I was told
you were once the supervisor.
-Is that correct, Tohlim?
-Correct.
YOTALU: I'd like you to guide
someone through it.
Halt! Halt!
All entry is forbidden.
(horse neighs)
Foolish lout! Do you not know
to whom you speak?
-He has come to...
-Makokan, that's enough.
You're overreacting.
-SOLDIER: Who are you?
-(groans)
The man before you is...
Don't make that face.
YOTALU: Stand down.
GUARD: Lord Yotalu.
Thank you for coming
on such short notice.
Please, there's
no need for that.
Let me introduce Tohlim.
He is the right-hand man
to the king of Aquafa.
I am Hohsalle Yuguraul.
It's a pleasure to meet you.
Sir Hohsalle, you are
one of the sacred doctors.
I consider making
your acquaintance a great honor.
The pleasure is all mine.
You do yourself
a disservice, sir.
Your political acumen is
as impressive as it is reliable.
But I truly thank you
for the kind words.
Do I detect sarcasm?
(chuckles) Not at all.
I beg your pardon
if this seems cold,
but could you delay
the cremation, Lord Yotalu?
What for?
HOHSALLE: I'd like to inspect
the bodies first.
After all, that is the reason
I came all this way.
(stammering, gasping)
Wh-What are you doing?
That boundary is sacred.
(groaning)
HOHSALLE:
Mikimu, please.
SOLDIER:
That's Sir Hohsalle, huh?
SOLDIER 2: Priest-doctors can't
compete with Zol's physician.
Especially since he apparently
saved Lord Yotalu's mother.
I guess keeping
the second-empress alive
would win trust.
(gasping)
-Sir Hohsalle.
-Yes. Bring them, please.
Right.
(grunts)
(gasping, exhales)
-HOHSALLE: Take a look at this.
-YOTALU: Just as I suspected.
The falconry party was attacked
by the same dogs?
HOHSALLE: Yes. They bear
the same bite marks.
However, these aren't
the only patients
I've seen with these lesions.
My brother, are you saying
he has the same disease?
What is it?
I wasn't sure until now, but...
It's black wolf fever,
also known as mittsual.
(priests gasp, whimper)
The mittsual?
HOHSALLE:
All of them are Zolians?
Condemned criminals, but yes.
The people of Aquafa
consider this a sacred place.
It would be wrong
to make them work here.
HOHSALLE:
Hardly any stench.
The bodies down here
are in better condition.
Could we take some of them back
to the capital with us?
YOTALU:
I'm sure the priest-doctors
won't be happy about it.
But very well.
-It shall be done.
-Huh?
(grunts)
There's nothing to fear.
She's one of ours.
I asked her to come down here
to inspect things.
What have you found?
Somehow,
one of the workers managed
to make it out of here alive.
HOHSALLE:
Hmm.
It's been smashed.
Could that have been done
by a human?
SAE: He was bitten by
one of the dogs, though.
That caused him to collapse
for a moment.
Then he got back onto his feet,
broke out and went that way.
Hey! I asked you if this
could've been done by...
Makokan, let her work.
A chain was dragged
across the floor here.
And there are bloodstains.
But the footprints
leading away suggest
that he wasn't carried out
of this mine by a dog.
He walked to the exit
by his own two feet.
You said he was bitten.
Are you sure that's
where the blood came from?
This pool of blood
was fairly sizable.
And the shape certainly
suggests a bite.
Should that concern us?
If this man did indeed survive
after being bitten
by one of those dogs,
then there's
a strong possibility
he's immune to the mittsual.
Are you saying
if we could track them down,
that might be enough
to figure out a cure?
If we had the blood
of a survivor
and luck, yes, it's possible.
YOTALU: Check the names of
all the slaves that were here.
OFFICER:
M'lord.
(yelling in pain)
(grunts, whimpers)
YOTALU: The Zolian army was once
thought invincible.
Until they were wiped out
by the mittsual
in a matter of days.
And here it is again.
OFFICER:
We've discovered the name
of the man who escaped.
Van.
He came from the Gansa clan.
Wait, Van?
Where was he
when we took him prisoner?
Records say we got him
at the battle of Kashuna River.
(gasps) The Lone Antlers.
Broken Antler Van.
SOLDIER:
Lord Yotalu!
Where is he? Lord Yotalu!
♪
Then he still lives.
To think, there was an Aquafaese
down there after all.
She will find him for us.
That woman is
the greatest tracker
this land has ever known.
Can you find him?
She will.
Be sure she knows
to bring him back to us alive.
Yes, of course, sir.
You heard Sir Hohsalle.
We need you
to bring him back alive.
That will not be
an easy task, sir.
This Van is
a surviving member
of the elusive Lone Antlers.
(horse whinnies)
Huh?
Wait! Come back!
(groans)
Hey, you.
How are you riding my pyuika?
(grunts)
Wow.
You're the only person I've ever
seen mounted on one of those.
Didn't think it was possible.
There was a pack of ossam dogs
that came flooding out
of the forest all of a sudden.
They spooked the pyuika.
It slipped free of its reins
and took off.
Flipped my cart over
on top of me in the process.
Well... (grunts)
at least those dogs
didn't eat the poor beast.
A healthy pyuika will fetch you
a king's ransom
if you're willing to sell it
to the Zolian army.
That's why I became a breeder.
Of course,
that's easier said than done.
All of mine are wild.
They won't obey my commands.
I don't understand
what the Zolians want
-with such stubborn creatures.
-Tasty.
(chuckles) That's fahmu.
It's a Zolian specialty.
My wife baked them herself.
-They're delicious, aren't they?
-(grunting)
You know, if I were
to make a guess,
I'd say it's because
the Zolians didn't know
how to deal with
the Aquafaese pyuika riders
during the last war.
(sighs)
MAN: You really are
something special, mister.
I thought the one I already had
would calm down a little
if I bought another female,
so I decided to spend
what coin I had on me.
But she's already with child.
-Is she really?
-Mm.
(sighs)
These pyuika are
a complete mystery to me.
I guess I should be thankful
for my injury.
Or perhaps I should be thankful
for this little goddess, huh?
-Yunacha!
-Huh? Yunacha?
-VAN: Yuna.
-(Yuna chuckles)
That's her name. Yuna.
Ah.
Gotcha. I'm Tohma.
I'm Van.
TOHMA:
Yuna and Van.
Well, I'm much obliged.
Say, have you heard the latest
about the ossam dogs?
Apparently, they attacked
the lord's falconry party.
Whatever's happening
with them,
it sure doesn't bode well.
UTALU:
Is it true?
Every one of them is dead?
Yes. Slaves and soldiers,
for a total of 600.
UTALU:
Killed by lowly dogs?
Actually, Sir Hohsalle says...
they contracted the mittsual.
(gasps, sighs)
The curse of Aquafa.
In our grandfathers' era,
the Zolian troops
who stormed this land
fell prey to the disease.
It was said to be the
retribution of dead Aquafaese.
I wonder if it's a coincidence
that it's returned now,
just in time for
the Emperor's Eyes visit.
Forgive me, my lord,
but this curse
is nothing more
than a superstition.
The people of Aquafa pledged
our loyalty to you
nearly ten years ago,
and we would never
turn our backs on you.
-UTALU: What of the Aquafaese?
-Uh...
600 casualties.
-Were any of them from Aquafa?
-AQUAFA KING: Well, I...
No, none.
But, brother, that doesn't...
(Utalu grumbling)
-(gasps)
-(Utalu grunting)
(gasps)
UTALU:
Tohlim.
(grunts, chuckles)
Loyal servant of Aquafa's king.
(grunting)
Lick it.
Come over here and prove
the mittsual is no curse
by contracting it yourself.
As you wish, my lord.
(gasps)
(retches)
Brother.
Sir Hohsalle!
(grunting)
At this stage,
herbs won't be of any use.
What can help him, then?
I'll need to make an anti-poison
by diluting the blood
of someone who was infected.
Out of the question!
Lord Utalu's pure imperial blood
must not be sullied
by that of a mere commoner.
His survival is better left
for fate to decide.
Bodies are not but vessels.
Tainting Lord Utalu's soul
would be deplorable.
-PRIESTS: Deplorable!
-UTALU: I need nothing.
I shall heal this affliction
myself,
without such medicine.
Well spoken, Lord Utalu.
There is nothing more imperative
than maintaining
the purity of your soul.
(Utalu groaning, wheezing)
UTALU:
I shall not die.
(straining)
MAKOKAN:
Is it true that Aquafaese
are immune to the mittsual?
That Zolians are the only ones
who can catch it?
Some books say so, yes.
Is something wrong, sir?
I found Tohlim's calm demeanor
a bit peculiar.
-Hmm.
-(chuckles)
Well, a disease
certainly doesn't care
what country you're from.
Hmm.
This Emperor's Eyes visit
is such nonsense.
I know Fire Horse Village
is sacred,
but why must they go
to the trouble
of traveling
such a great distance?
I think it's
because of the mittsual.
It once forced the Zolian army
to retreat from there.
They wish to reshape history,
I suppose,
and to dispel fear.
MAKOKAN:
In that case, it's a bit ironic
that the mittsual would
return now, don't you think?
HOHSALLE:
No. I suspect that's more
than coincidence.
MAKOKAN:
Really? How so?
HOHSALLE: You're not just
a swordsman anymore.
Use your head.
AQUAFA KING:
The falconry and the salt mine.
So far, it's all going
according to plan.
Once Yotalu succeeds
his brother,
Zol will be much easier
to control.
We're making good progress.
And yet, we must be careful
not to move forward too hastily.
OHFAN:
Are you afraid?
Because at this rate,
the Emperor's Eyes
are going to be at the doorstep
of my village as soon as spring.
Have patience.
One of the slaves in the mine
was Aquafaese.
We must maintain secrecy,
so proceed
with the utmost caution.
OHFAN: I take no orders from
the spineless minions of Zol.
Ohfan, wait.
Is there a reason
for you to be so impatient?
That's concerning.
Are you certain we can trust him
and Fire Horse Village
to adhere to the plan?
TOHLIM:
At the end of the day,
they are nothing more
than our pawns.
The mittsual is
their last lifeline.
They know
they cannot act rashly.
AQUAFA KING: And what about
this Aquafaese survivor
-from the salt mine?
-(horse neighs)
TOHLIM: We have a tracker
working on finding him.
AQUAFA KING:
Yes, but to what end?
TOHLIM:
Leave that to me.
The life of one Aquafaese,
or the future of
this entire land--
which would you choose?
Hmm.
That's checkmate.
Obviously, you know what
my choice would be.
TOHLIM:
As you wish.
SAE: It's possible this man was
traveling with a small child.
Ah. Yes, there was a young man
with an accent with them.
Oh, the guy with the pyuika.
-(birds chirping)
-(sheep bleating)
-(grunting)
-TOHMA: Hey!
Hey, I'm back!
Tohma!
Huh?
TOHMA:
Kiya!
(quiet chatter)
Huh?
TOHMA:
Hmm? Ah.
(indistinct whispering)
They want you to know that
they're grateful you saved me.
Huh?
-(indistinct whispering)
-Oh, sure. Sorry.
They can't speak to you directly
until they've shared
a drink with you.
(groans)
-(chuckling)
-TOHMA: That's a great idea.
Hey, if you'll let us
put you to work here,
we can give you a place to stay
and all the food you can eat.
Great. It's a deal.
-Nobody knows pyuika like Van.
-(gasps)
He'll be a big help to us,
I'll wager.
-(gasps)
-(Yuna chuckles)
-(mocking grunt)
-(gasps)
TOHMA:
All right, that's settled.
Enough with the formalities.
Let's drink!
(slurping)
Ah.
Ah, that hit the spot!
Drink up. Don't be shy.
It is our tradition after all.
-Ooh, she's a cute little tyke.
-(yawning)
I don't really see much
of a resemblance, though.
Takes after her mom? Oh.
-Oh, dear.
-Uh...
Where is she? Your wife, I mean.
-Oh...
-Oh! Sorry. Tender subject, huh?
(others gasping)
You want to sit with me?
Huh?
(Tohma yelping in pain)
(sighs)
Well, that makes sense.
Nothing beats sitting
on Daddy's lap, huh?
Dada?
Whoa, whoa.
Sorry, but you won't get
any milk from Daddy's chest.
You should try
giving her your finger.
TOHMA:
Aw.
-(stomach gurgling)
-(others gasp)
(laughter)
Sounds like she's not the
only one who needs some milk.
In fact, I think
we should all eat.
(birds squawking)
AIDE:
His fever's come back.
And his breathing is labored.
(wheezing weakly)
What is it?
Not getting enough
from the herbs, are you?
God save me from this hell,
I beg of you.
(sighs)
-Are you all right, sir?
-Fine.
For generations,
we Yugurauls have served
the leaders of the time
with our medical expertise,
to learn about countries,
diseases and ourselves.
But now, caught between
Aquafa and Zol,
what can I possibly learn
about this illness?
(sighs) Oh, I'm starving.
Let's have rabbit for dinner.
(aide panting)
AIDE:
It's... Lord Utalu.
TOHLIM:
Lord Yotalu.
Perhaps we should postpone
the visit of the Emperor's Eyes.
YOTALU: We sent word
of my brother's death,
but the emperor is already
beyond the border.
HOHSALLE:
The mittsual.
I have to know more.
The man in the mine.
(birds chirping)
(grunting)
-Hey. Where's Dada?
-Huh?
Oh. Uh, I don't know.
-I haven't seen him in a while.
-(whimpers)
(birds chirping)
♪
VAN:
There it is.
Asshimi.
(gasps)
(sighs)
♪
(chopping)
(grunting)
(groaning)
(groaning, gasping)
(exhales)
-YUNA: Dada!
-VAN'S SON: Father!
It's you.
Dada, I found you.
Why are you here?
(chuckles)
I found you because
I can see you from anywhere.
Wow.
It's so pretty.
Pretty? The asshimi?
Yeah. Pretty.
(straining)
♪
-(grunts, laughs)
-Hey!
YOKI (sighs):
What's the point of building
this stupid thing, anyway?
A pyuika could leap
over this, no problem.
-(boy laughing)
-Huh?
Stop that!
It's not safe over here.
-Huh?
TOHMA:
Let me help you.
VAN: This will give the whole
fence the scent of asshimi.
(Yuna sniffs)
TOHMA:
That's Olaha.
It means "born at daybreak."
That one's very old
and stubborn, though.
Hard to handle.
(whistling)
TOHMA:
Hey, that's dangerous.
(gasps) He wouldn't.
(squeals)
(Kiya and Tohma gasping)
(gasping)
(whistles)
TOHMA:
What did I tell you?
This guy's amazing.
Before long, he's gonna bring in
a big old pile of cash
from the Zolian army.
OHMA:
You greedy fool.
♪
(grunts)
(sighs)
-(hunters yelling)
-HUNTER: Come on!
-(clattering)
-(yelling continues)
-Get him!
(grunting)
(screams) Oh, my leg!
Shh.
TOHMA:
Van! It's coming your way!
-Huh?
-Hmm?
YUNA:
Dada.
(gasps softly)
(gasps)
-(gasps)
-(blowing)
Huh?
(squealing)
(screams)
(gasping, chuckling)
-Well done, Van.
-I can't believe it.
-Incredible.
-Amazing.
-YOKI: Just incredible!
-(groans)
(sighs)
Huh?
(chuckling)
♪
(insects chirping)
-Now what?
-I'm gonna drink it.
You can drink that stuff?
Oh.
You're good at that.
(chuckles) Yeah.
I always did it
for Mama at home.
Oh. Really?
Just like old times.
Pyuika milk.
My brothers and sisters and I...
-Here.
-...used to fight over it
when we were young.
(groans)
OHMA:
I'd completely forgotten.
Many years ago, the Zolian army
came through here
and laid waste to everything,
scaring all the pyuika away.
Just the mention of Zol
would send us trembling
and running for cover.
Hey! Don't drink all of it!
But that all changed
about ten years ago.
A group of pyuika riders
called the Lone Antlers
took up arms against the Zolians
and became Aquafa's guardians.
It was because of them
that Zol was willing
to enter into a treaty with us.
And now we have
wonderful Zolian wives
-to bake us delicious fahmu.
-Here, have some.
None for me, dear, thank you.
Zolians believe that drinking
the milk of a beast
will turn you
into a beast yourself.
Huh?
VAN:
I was hunting a long time ago,
and I saw a herd of pyuika get
attacked by a pack of wolves.
One of the fawns wasn't quick
enough to keep up with the herd,
so it was left to deal
with the wolves all by itself.
-(grunts)
-(chuckling)
VAN: But then an old buck
leapt forward to protect it.
Stomped about to provoke them
and then ran off.
I'd say an act like that is
befitting of the Deer King.
Saving the fawn,
taking the brunt of the attack
and vanishing into the forest--
did that make the buck a hero?
Or was it just strong
and doing what needed to be done
simply because
it needed to be done?
That's how I saw it, anyway.
The way I hear it,
the Lone Antlers
are all dead and gone.
When you leave us,
will you go alone?
(laughter)
VAN:
Yuna. Want to ride?
Yeah.
♪
Hyah!
YUNA:
What are those?
VAN:
Wind flowers.
YUNA:
And that?
VAN:
A bush cricket.
(bird screeches)
YUNA:
And that?
-(screeches)
-VAN: White-tailed eagle.
YUNA:
Hmm.
Then what's this?
(laughs) Dada!
(grunts, sighs)
What about this?
Yuna.
(laughs)
You know everything, Dada.
VAN:
Do you like it here, Yuna?
YUNA:
Where?
VAN:
You like Tohma and his people?
YUNA:
Yeah. I like everyone there.
That's good.
Huh?
And I like you.
(sighs, chuckles)
(whistles)
(blows) Hmm?
I'll make you
a deer whistle one day.
(Yuna laughs)
(neighs)
Is that a pyuika?
Those are quite rare.
Hey, guess what.
Dada's gonna make
a deer whistle for me.
He is?
Yuna, time to go.
YUNA:
'Kay.
(Yuna grunting)
(Yuna chuckles)
VAN:
Where are you headed?
(Yuna coos)
SAE:
May this country become
a safe place
for orphans to live.
(howling in distance)
(rumbling)
(grunts, gasps)
(gasping)
Found you.
(gasps)
(grunts)
Quick! Get a move on!
Van's gonna get ahead of us
if we don't pick up the pace.
(boy laughing)
Huh? That's unusual.
A Zolian rider.
(grunts, gasps)
Whoa.
(neighing)
What's the matter?
RIDER (weakly):
Dogs.
They were black dogs.
(gasping)
What's happening, Dada?
Stay back!
(gasping)
HOHSALLE:
The mittsual struck another
Zolian village?
Was there an inquest?
No, there wasn't.
The priest-doctors had
all the bodies cremated.
Then they prayed for three days
and three nights.
(sighs)
This isn't a curse.
It's a disease.
Think, Hohsalle.
Why does it seem to be
targeting Zol and not Aquafa?
(panting):
Sir Hohsalle!
We... we've done it.
Hush. This is a library.
You've discovered a cure
for the mittsual?
Yes. Uh, uh, no.
What I mean is it appears
we've found the Lone Antler.
The one who survived
the salt mine.
-HOHSALLE: What?
-(man grumbles)
The tracker woman sent word
of his whereabouts.
Lord Tohlim personally rode out
with his troops to go catch him.
Tohlim himself is going there?
Get your things.
We're going after that old man.
MAKOKAN:
Huh?
HOHSALLE:
This bodes ill.
YOKI: Some believe the gods
set the ossam upon Zol
and killed Lord Utalu as
punishment for scorning Aquafa.
Whether that's true or not,
it's causing
a great deal of resentment.
♪
(explosive whooshing)
TOHMA: There's no such thing
as Aquafa or Zol.
We're all one family.
OHMA:
Indeed.
Our people have lived here
for generations.
It is our home.
And more,
this place is our motherland.
-(Tohma sighs)
-(Van grunts)
Huh? What's the matter?
VAN:
Watch Yuna.
Huh? Where you going?
If they ask, just tell them
I forced you to give me shelter.
W-Wait. Van!
TOHLIM:
Van of the Lone Antlers.
The people of this village
know nothing.
As long as you don't
involve them, I'll come quietly.
TOHLIM:
Very well.
The Lone Antlers?
-Dada?
-Shh.
-Where's Dada?
-(all gasping)
Dada!
Stay there.
(whimpers, grunts)
You bastard.
Dada!
(straining)
(gasps, grunts)
Van, what...
what's a Lone Antler?
TOHLIM:
What did you just do, Van?
It just turned
into a tree and...
(gasping)
YUNA:
Dada!
TOHLIM:
Come quietly.
YUNA:
When will you be back?
Wait.
Dada, when will you be back?
-(whooshing)
-(growling)
(frightened whimpering)
(screaming)
VOICE:
Ah. Got you.
(grunting)
SOLDIER:
Ossam!
SOLDIER 2:
We're surrounded!
SOLDIER 3:
It's the dogs again!
SOLDIER 4:
What are they doing here?
Fear not.
Aquafaese are immune
to the mittsual.
Hmm?
Ohfan.
(horse neighs)
(straining)
VOICE:
Why do you fight?
Give in.
(grunting)
-Dada!
-No!
Dada...
(gasps)
(whooshing)
(voice trembling):
Yuna.
(screeches)
(grunts)
Yuna!
♪
(gasping)
Van, what...
-Yuna!
-No!
(panting)
-(snarling)
-(gasps)
VOICE:
Zol.
(growls, barks)
Huh?
Tohma!
-Get this to Van.
-Right.
(grunts)
Go, Olaha!
(panting)
(grunts)
-SOLDIER: What just happened?
-SOLDIER 2: Any casualties?
SOLDIER 3: He went into
the forest. After him!
SOLDIER 4:
Move, people. Get the horses!
♪
(grunting)
(grunts)
VAN:
Focus, Van.
I know...
who I am!
(straining)
(yells)
(barking)
(groaning):
Yuna.
(grunts)
(groans)
(Van panting gruffly)
(yells in pain)
(straining)
Leave me.
This is for Aquafa!
(panting)
Yuna.
-HOHSALLE: Stop right there.
-SAE: Huh?
(groaning softly)
He said halt.
Hey, stop!
Didn't you hear me?
Hey, wait! (groans)
(groaning)
No. Sir Hohsalle, stop!
-Don't get too close.
-(Van wheezes)
MAKOKAN:
Unbelievable.
What's wrong with him?
Makokan, lead Tohlim's men
away from here now.
If we let them find this man,
they're going to kill him.
Now, go!
But...
I don't understand
what's going on,
but understood, sir.
Do not take unnecessary risks.
Hyah!
♪
You're home.
-So good to see you, my dear.
-(chuckling)
(gasping)
Why do you fight it?
Just give in.
Do you not feel it?
The howl of the wind?
The grass and the flowers?
The birds, the beasts?
You can feel all forms of life,
because you are now
at one with them.
That is Inside Out.
Inside Out?
Yes. That is the power
you possess.
VAN:
Yuna!
KENOI: Come.
Find me.
My name is Kenoi.
(gasps)
(groaning)
Why would Tohlim try
to get rid of his blood?
Clearly, he believes
the Aquafaese
are immune to the mittsual.
I suspect he has something
to do with the outbreak.
It's exactly what happened
80 years ago.
The mittsual's being used
against Zol
in the hopes of gaining
Aquafa's independence.
But there is no guarantee it
will remain an ally to Aquafa.
SAE: My entire family
was murdered by Zolians.
The black wolf fever
is retribution.
So taking his life is justified?
(Van groaning softly)
-Stand down.
-(scoffs)
Stop. You shouldn't
be moving around.
(groaning)
Do you see? Your wounds are
far too serious for that.
Lie down for now.
You can trust me. I'm a doctor.
Just forget about that woman.
Hey, listen. We need you alive.
I should thank you.
These bandages
may have saved my life.
Do not thank me.
I am only here
because I need your blood.
Sorry, but I made a promise.
Hey, wait! (whimpers)
I have to find Yuna.
(grunts)
My name is Hohsalle Yuguraul.
I propose an exchange.
Allow me to accompany you.
Along the way,
I will tend to your wounds.
Because you have lost far
too much precious blood already.
However,
you'll let me take some of it
once you've recovered
and the journey is done.
Fair?
Hey, tracker woman!
We'll need your help, as well.
We must find someone
called Yuna.
All is settled.
Get down from there so that
I can redress your wounds.
Come along, Van.
While we're at it, I'll take
a look at your shoulder.
(birds calling)
♪
HOHSALLE:
And so, I came to travel with
the man who holds the key.
Strange as it may seem,
the woman who once
wanted his head
became the navigator
for our journey.
♪
Perhaps we should rest.
Not until we reach
the next forest.
This area is prone
to avalanches.
HOHSALLE:
Amazing.
His wounds have
completely healed.
SAE:
I'll go hunt for food.
-You find us some firewood.
-(gasps) You mean me?
VAN:
Those won't work.
That wood's too damp.
It's not gonna burn.
You're better off taking
branches from the trees.
(wood clatters on ground)
(sighs)
Will this wood burn
bright enough, master?
You said you want my blood.
-Yes.
-What for?
HOHSALLE:
Well...
this land is plagued by
a disease called the mittsual.
It's spread by ossam dogs.
You were bitten by one
in the salt mine, right?
But you survived
and didn't get sick.
And that means your blood
could provide us with a cure.
It can do that?
But it's only my blood.
HOHSALLE: Think of snakebites,
for example.
To treat those,
we dilute the blood
of someone who was poisoned
and transfuse it
into the patient.
Because that infected blood
remembers
how to fight
against the poison,
it weakens the effects
of the snakebite.
It's the same here.
Your blood was able
to defeat the mittsual.
And that makes it a very
powerful weapon in this fight.
I would like to wield
that weapon
so we can defeat the disease.
You're right. I did survive.
But no, I did not defeat it.
The disease still lives on
inside of me.
And it might even
be more than that.
For all I know, the disease
is keeping me alive.
(gasps)
HOHSALLE:
"Keeping me alive."
What an odd thing to say.
I've seen so many die
because of the mittsual.
Inside of this man,
I wonder what face it's chosen
to wear now.
Whatever it is,
I'd like to see it for myself.
Say, Van...
who is this Yuna that
you're risking your life for?
Your wife?
An epidemic killed my wife
a long time ago.
My son, as well.
I see. Then who is Yuna?
My daughter.
(neighing)
HOHSALLE: His injuries healed
remarkably fast.
The strength
of the Lone Antler?
Or perhaps it was
because of the mittsual.
I'm a sacred doctor,
vaunted throughout the land,
and yet I'm eating
parasite-infested meat.
VAN:
Can I borrow that?
(insects chirping)
VAN:
My daughter.
(rumbling)
(gasps)
Where is he?
Where's Van?
He's feeding his pyuika.
KENOI: Humans do not possess
the ability
to see within
their own bodies.
But now you are Inside Out,
so you have gained awareness.
Souls and bodies are separate
from one another.
All living creatures
in this world are one.
Your body is merely a vessel,
acting as an anchor
for your soul.
You were bitten.
Now what do you see?
(Kenoi's voice):
Do not fear the light.
Because you are now free.
(gasps)
What's wrong? Are you all right?
Are your wounds aching?
No.
Sometimes I can hear the voice
of the man who took Yuna.
It's odd.
I find it reassuring somehow.
And that frightens me.
Come along.
Yuna's waiting for you.
Right.
(birds calling)
SAE:
I'd be careful out here.
This far west,
the people still have
a deep-seated hatred for Zol.
We will be.
Does that mean
you hail from the west?
♪
OFFICER:
Are you sure, my lord?
Should you not be there to greet
His Majesty the Emperor?
No.
The emperor has
no interest in me anymore.
Come. An imperial prince
still has other duties.
AQUAFA KING:
They've issued a decree
for our army to join
their military campaign?
And they've reminded us
we must prevent rebellion,
per the terms of our treaty.
Of course they did.
So remind me, who told me
Yotalu would make Zol
easier to control?
My apologies, Highness.
And what would you
have us do now?
We must obey the decree.
It's the only choice we have
to avoid falling foul
of the emperor.
Wonderful.
How did this happen to us?
I've no excuse to offer,
Your Highness.
But if we have patience,
we can afford
to lose Fire Horse Village.
As long as the ossam
are still alive,
we will succeed one day.
You dare speak to me
of patience?
For our country,
in the interest of its future.
What about Hohsalle?
If he manages to find a cure,
that future we dream of
shall never come.
The key to all of that
is the man
who escaped from the salt mine.
All we have to do is
remove him from the equation.
ELDER: The anger of some
has been reignited
by the return
of the Emperor's Eyes.
And all the rumors about
the mittsual coming back again
are only fanning the flames.
This land used to belong
to Aquafa.
This is Zol's punishment.
ELDER:
The lord and his wife cared
for the people of our village
a great deal,
and they were good and kind.
They were the reason
our village was able
to prosper as much as it did.
Foolishness.
Sir, do you know
where my mother went?
(gasps)
(fire rumbling)
ELDER:
An Aquafaese curse.
There are many
who call the mittsual
Zol's divine punishment.
Let's go.
I only pray that
this doesn't lead
to another war breaking out.
Why was I the one
to survive this disease?
♪
HOHSALLE:
The mittsual.
It kills Zolians
but not Aquafaese.
There has to be a reason.
It is not mere chance.
If we look closely,
we will find
the hidden threads
of the true cause.
And by following
those threads,
we will save many lives.
Trusting that is the basis
of the medical arts.
♪
HOHSALLE:
Van.
There must be a reason
why you survived.
We just haven't found it yet.
VAN:
These medical arts of yours,
do they just save the body?
Or the soul, too?
As long as the body is saved,
the soul will be saved, as well.
Yuna saved my soul.
Without her, I'd be lost.
HOHSALLE:
His soul.
The way he speaks of it,
it sounds different somehow,
compared to the soul
the priest-doctors believe in.
(horse whinnies)
(rumbling)
-(horse neighing)
-Whoa.
It's a guide for
the emperor's balloon.
He's getting closer.
HOHSALLE:
The Emperor's Eyes visit.
Then we must be close.
Yes. Fire Horse Village isn't
much farther from here.
HOHSALLE:
This place was once protected
by the mittsual.
Yet another hidden thread.
(distant rumbling)
(snarling)
I can no longer hear
the sound of any voices.
Huh.
(child crying)
The young ones let themselves
get bitten again?
Yes, sir.
They seem to have snuck
into the sanctuary at night.
OHFAN:
They should have known better.
They're incapable
of receiving the power.
Chief Ohfan,
they only wished to repay you.
The fools.
They wished to succeed
their king.
♪
-SAE: Dismount your horses.
-HOHSALLE: Hmm?
-(Hohsalle grunts)
-(horse neighing)
Stilt-walker.
High on your left.
(grunts)
(gasps)
(stilt-walker grunts)
What are you doing?
We are Aquafaese, too.
Why attack us?
We can all be blinded
by our fear and hatred.
I was once just like them.
YOTALU: A few years ago,
I actually had an encounter
with Broken Antler Van.
Six Lone Antlers decimated us.
My squadron
was almost wiped out.
Lucky you survived.
No, I was only a boy,
so Van refused to kill me.
-(rumbling)
-(all gasp)
(soldiers gasping, murmuring)
(sighs)
Sorry to make us rest here.
Not befitting of a doctor.
Van, may I ask a question?
What is she like,
this Yuna of yours?
Where do I start? Yuna is...
She has small hands.
They're soft
and also a bit clingy.
♪
Her cheeks are rosy,
round and warm.
Her hair is a little unruly,
but...
tying it into pigtails
makes her smile with delight.
She loves to smile.
She likes animals.
But insects, not so much.
She loves to drink pyuika milk.
And she knows how
to milk them herself, too.
Meat tastes better
when I'm around her.
She can't chew her food
very well,
but she smiles
when she's got a mouthful.
Sometimes when she's sleeping,
she'll latch onto my back.
(chuckles softly)
Holds on so tight
it hurts a little bit.
I can't say I ever dreamed
of being a father again,
but all I want to do
is show her everything.
I want to see her grow,
to fall in love with someone,
get married, and...
I want to keep watching
over her all the while.
SAE:
A deer whistle?
VAN:
Yes.
The child you made it for
isn't really yours, though.
Thanks for this.
The child, she's an orphan
from a nearby village,
given to an unstable salt miner
to calm her down.
Yes.
But there are things
more important than blood.
Yuna is my daughter.
-That's all that matters.
-(chuckles softly)
The way you talk reminds me
that some things are invisible
to a tracker.
You'll want to travel northwest
from these hot springs.
Follow the valley
when you reach it.
That will lead you
to Fire Horse Village.
The ossam will be
waiting for you.
Your daughter will be there.
Why did you go to the trouble
of bringing us out this far?
SAE: She's a survivor
of the mittsual, too.
I was planning on killing
the both of you.
Are you leaving?
You found yourself
a good village.
Take her back when you find her.
My name's Sae, by the way.
Next time we meet,
you can call me that.
(grunts softly)
♪
(gasps softly)
(gasps)
HOHSALLE: When I awoke,
the woman had left us.
Van said I didn't need
to follow him any further,
but I still needed
some of his blood.
What was that, though?
What did I see that night?
I'm curious.
That whistle you made--
I'd like to hear it.
(whistle screeching)
(whistle echoes)
(Hohsalle chuckles)
Not really
a pleasant sound, is it?
(both laugh)
Yuna's just beyond this tunnel.
Yes. The land of the mittsual.
Wha... Hey. Wait for me!
KENOI:
At last, you have come, Van.
I've been waiting.
(muffled grunting)
KENOI: With your power,
you will become one
with the village's
remaining ossam.
They are the key
to our future.
Come, Van.
Take your place as king.
(birds chirping)
(horse whinnying)
OHFAN:
You can rest easy.
I promise to treat
the doctor as my guest.
I was starting to worry
you wouldn't make it,
Broken Antler Van,
leader of the Lone Antlers.
You can call me Ohfan,
the chief of Fire Horse Village.
Tell me where Yuna is.
Come with me.
♪
Chief Ohfan.
There's a Zolian camp
on the Nagori plains.
Mm. You should get
some rest for tomorrow.
Tell the others to do the same.
-Sir.
-(horse neighs)
OHFAN:
My people have already left
the village to go into hiding.
Tomorrow,
everything will change.
The Zolian army
will swarm in here.
Even this view will be gone.
-(Olaha screeches)
-Hey.
Olaha, what is it?
♪
(gasping)
(playful screeching)
Did you know that
pyuika have the blood
of Fire Horse Village, as well?
We forgot all about them.
Don't even know
how to breed them.
And yet still they gather here.
This land is sacred
for the pyuika, too.
So, then, what do you say
you and I reclaim
this realm together?
Van? Van!
YUNA:
Pretty, right?
Right? (chuckles)
Who are you?
It's so pretty. (chuckles)
Pretty?
YUNA:
Because they glow.
HOHSALLE:
The asshimi?
Are you...
(gasps)
Yuna.
-Ossam.
-MAN: I'm sorry,
but that area
is off-limits to you.
It's good to see you again,
Sir Hohsalle.
We studied together in Otawalle.
My name is Shikan.
Please, sir, I need your help.
OHFAN: Last autumn,
the so-called right-hand man
to the king of Aquafa
paid a visit to this village.
He said Zolian Emperor Natalu
was going to resume the visit
of the Emperor's Eyes.
He said they'd long forgotten
their fear of the mittsual.
They didn't remember
just how well
it protected this village.
That is why Kenoi chose to lead
the ossam once again.
It was necessary,
to remind the Zolians
why they should be afraid.
However, the Dog King
is growing old,
and his power is
unfortunately waning.
A successor needs
to take his place
as the leader of the pack.
And it cannot be me,
for the mittsual
has chosen you, Van.
(shallow breathing)
What happened?
Was this the mittsual's doing?
SHIKAN:
Yes.
HOHSALLE:
But these children--
-aren't they Aquafaese?
-They are.
They should have been
immune to it, but they're not.
They've been infected
as if they were Zolians.
But why?
I do not know.
All of them are
liberated captives from Zol.
Perhaps it's because they were
raised in Zolian villages.
I can't think of
any other reason, unless...
maybe the disease has mutated.
HOHSALLE: They were
bitten by the ossam?
SHIKAN: Yes.
After Ohfan freed them,
they wanted to
repay him for it,
so they let the dogs bite them.
Let them?
Why volunteer to be bitten?
They wanted the power
to become the next Dog King.
I don't understand.
SHIKAN:
The ossam can only be led
by a human who's survived
one of their bites.
Someone the mittsual chooses
to bestow with a special power.
VAN: Why was I the one
to survive this disease?
(gasps)
Are you talking about Van?
Yes.
BOY: Does that mean a successor
has been found?
We tried.
We weren't worthy.
But it's okay.
He found one.
Congratulations.
You did it, Chief Ohfan.
-(boy coughing)
-(Shikan gasping)
-Boil some water.
-Huh?
-Do you have any ikimi?
-A little, yes.
I'll teach you a combination
to mix it with.
-Bring your herbs.
-Right.
HOHSALLE:
Damn it. Where are you, Van?
Hey, newcomer, get a move on!
(grunting)
Huh?
Wait, that woman.
Hey, the food! Come back!
TOHLIM:
You disobeyed my order.
SAE:
Yes.
His life nullifies everything.
Letting him go means
the mittsual
will no longer pose a threat.
And I don't have to explain
to you what that means for us.
You disappoint me.
Take her away.
SOLDIERS:
Yes, sir.
Get up.
That's the tracker woman,
is it not?
Yes. It appears she lost
the survivor from the salt mine.
-She what?
-(sighs)
TOHLIM:
Now all we can do is watch
as the visit of
the Emperor's Eyes proceeds.
I'll ensure Ohfan's silence.
-And abandon Fire Horse Village?
-Yes.
And grit our teeth as we gaze
upon the emperor's smiling face.
We sacrifice far too much.
(Makokan panting)
You! Tracker woman! Where is he?
-SOLDIER: What are you...
-Where is Sir Hohsalle?
Where did you leave him?
-SOLDIER: Stop it!
-Move!
I must ask that woman
a question!
(whimpering)
Help!
Hel... (groans)
By now, Sir Hohsalle and Van
should have reached
Fire Horse Village.
Follow the cliffs
three leagues to the north.
You'll find a secret path
to the village
hidden in the mountainside.
(shallow breathing)
It is morning now.
Drink this pyuika milk.
It will nourish you.
All the villagers here drink it.
And there was a time when
all the people of Aquafa did.
These boys grew up
as captives of Zol,
so they refuse it because
they don't like the smell.
I wish I could convince them
they need it.
(gasps) Chief Ohfan is coming.
There you are.
You're the sacred doctor,
aren't you?
You should know,
Van is here for a reason.
The mittsual brought the former
leader of the Lone Antlers
to this land
to become its new king.
That is the will of the gods.
Only the chosen ones
can survive the disease.
HOHSALLE:
No! A disease is all it is,
not the will of the gods.
With the help of Van's blood,
I can save those children.
Interesting.
Then you're here
because you seek Van.
Very well.
I suppose all will be decided
once he has become
the next Dog King.
Go, Van.
Kenoi's waiting for you.
-And your daughter is with him.
-HOHSALLE: No.
Don't do it, Van!
(grunts)
It's true. The mittsual
does appear to be godly.
We can't guess when
or why it'll happen.
And we don't yet know why it
will spare some but kill others.
As it stands,
it is far beyond our grasp.
And yet,
that does not justify
giving up.
Perhaps it seems to be destiny,
but isn't fighting
against destiny
how we've managed
to survive this long?
Hmm. Actually, I'm quite
satisfied with my destiny.
(chuckles)
Zolian Emperor Natalu.
I'll gladly give my life
to end his.
♪
(growling)
KENOI:
Are you willing?
Answer me, Van.
Amidst the sea of darkness,
the mittsual found you.
Use it to remake our world
as the Dog King.
Do that which your soul
surely desires.
I lost my family,
which left me groveling
in the darkness for a long time.
Until Yuna saved me.
She brought me back
from the abyss.
That little girl was
what saved my soul.
(rumbling)
Yuna!
KENOI: She is favored
by the ossam, as well.
Like you,
she has been given the power
to become their ruler.
This is the answer you seek.
Give in to it, Van.
-VAN: No.
-Hmm?
VAN: This is no place
for her to live.
And I want to live on with her,
so I must continue to resist.
I cannot be the Dog King.
(gasps)
(Kenoi gasping, wheezing)
KENOI:
Why not?
(groaning)
If you will not succeed me,
why do you possess that power?
(Kenoi groaning)
♪
Dada?
(Van sighs)
YUNA:
You came back.
-(running footsteps)
-Huh?
(panting, grunting)
Sir Hohsalle!
(sighs)
At last, I found you.
-You came an awfully long way.
-We have to go.
This may be the only chance
we have to escape.
(grunts) Hold on.
Where is that Van fellow?
(both gasp)
-HOHSALLE: Van.
-(Yuna giggles)
-(Hohsalle chuckles)
-Uh... huh?
(Yuna whimpering)
VAN:
Yuna.
Huh?
Don't be afraid.
He's right.
I'm not trying to hurt him.
MAKOKAN:
I brought you this just in case.
Could it be of use?
How thoughtful of you.
It's quite useful. Thank you.
Take some blood
from the sickest child.
SHIKAN:
Right.
HOHSALLE: We'll dilute that
and give it to the others.
(whimpering)
Not to worry.
I'm only taking a little.
(whimpering continues)
(gasps)
Ah. Pretty.
She said the same about
the asshimi. (gasps)
(gasps)
That's a dog bite.
They got her, too?
(roaring)
(gasping, groaning)
-(rumbling)
-(all gasping)
♪
OHFAN:
Kenoi.
Mount your horses!
(moaning)
(gasping)
(suppressed grunting)
You must succeed me.
(exhales)
MAKOKAN:
What's going on?
(Van growling)
(Hohsalle choking, gasping)
No. Stand down.
Sir Hohsalle!
Stop this, please, Van.
VAN and KENOI:
The mittsual must not perish.
-VAN'S WIFE: Dearest.
-VAN'S SON: Father.
-My darling.
-Father.
Be strong.
You're you. Don't forget that.
My family.
(laughter)
I have no choice!
(grunts)
(grunts, coughs)
Sir Hohsalle!
(sword clangs on ground)
Please forgive me.
(gasping)
(chuckles)
(gasps) Yuna.
(snarling)
Yuna, no.
♪
Sir Hohsalle, you should
come look at the children.
♪
(panting rapidly)
(Van panting)
Olaha.
(rumbling)
(grunting)
OFFICER:
The lightning did no damage
to our forces, my lord.
Line up!
OFFICER:
We will assume battle formation.
And as soon as
you give the order,
we will blast open
the entrance to the valley.
(rumbling)
OFFICER:
What is this?
-No one gave the order yet.
-(soldiers gasping)
HOHSALLE:
All right. This one first.
Here, I've got more.
HOHSALLE:
Think, Hohsalle.
What must you learn
from this illness?
Are we under attack?
(soldiers gasping, yelling)
OHFAN:
You foolish followers of Zol!
We'll show you the truth!
We'll bring you to your senses!
TOHLIM: Let them taste Aquafa's
loyalty to the emperor.
You didn't bring the dogs
with you, Ohfan?
Wise decision.
Pray for the future
they will bring us
when you get to
the next world.
(soldiers groaning)
Tohlim...!
(screeches)
Yuna.
(grunting)
♪
(sword slashes)
(groans)
The king! Go!
Protect the king now!
(laughs)
Guess they can't call you
his right-hand man now.
(ossam dogs panting)
(gasps) What are they doing?
-(ossam dogs snarling)
-The dogs!
He did bring them. That fool.
So be it, then.
Onward!
We will take the head
of Emperor Natalu!
(groans)
♪
(Ohfan gasping)
OHFAN:
You must be the new queen.
-MAN: Arm yourselves!
-MAN2: Dogs!
MAN 3: The ossam have come!
-The mittsual!
-MAN 4: The Aquafaese curse!
(panting)
(Makokan grunting)
(sighing)
Is there anything to drink?
Ah. Here we go.
(gags)
-What is this?
-SHIKAN: That's pyuika milk.
VAN: She loves
to drink pyuika milk.
And she knows how
to milk them herself, too.
SHIKAN:
There was a time when all
the people of Aquafa drank it.
But these boys
don't like the smell.
HOHSALLE:
Before the Zol invasion,
all the Aquafaese drank
pyuika milk.
Just like Van and Yuna.
But the Zolians never did.
(soldiers groaning)
And once they were
under Zolian rule,
some Aquafaese abandoned
the custom.
YUNA:
They're glowing.
HOHSALLE:
Glowing asshimi.
Van's blood.
Linked together
by pyuika milk.
(gasps)
Van's blood glows because
it has mittsual antibodies.
That's it.
It's the asshimi.
It enables the production
of mittsual antibodies.
(panting)
-(snarling)
-(gasping)
(growling)
(grunts)
(explosive whooshing)
(gasps)
(whooshing)
(pained whimpering)
(growling)
No! Hold your fire!
(screeches softly)
(growling)
Come, Yuna. Let's go.
Yuna.
YUNA:
Dada?
(horse neighing)
Finally.
I am more than ready
to die for my queen.
Go forth. Carry on.
Run through the forest,
and no matter how long
it takes you,
make use of the disease to kill
every last one of these Zolians.
(gags)
♪
(grunts)
Riders, after them.
Van.
OFFICER: They can't escape.
Hunt down those dogs.
-You need to shoot that man.
-What?
AQUAFA KING:
The pyuika rider, right there.
Do it now.
Right.
(groans)
AQUAFA KING:
That woman.
(groans, gasps)
(grunts)
-(horse neighs)
-(soldier yells)
Why is she helping
that man escape?
Hmm?
(horse neighing)
MAKOKAN:
Wait, where are you going?
Stop! The battlefield
is not our place.
(sighs) Not again.
(panting)
Keep going, Olaha.
I need you to dig deep for me.
Yuna!
YUNA:
Dada.
♪
Dada, I found you.
And I like you.
♪
(whooshing)
(grunts softly)
(whimpers)
Dada?
(groans softly)
-Yuna.
-Hmm?
VAN:
Thank you.
Dada?
They're waiting for you.
Back at the village.
Tohma and the lady and everyone?
VAN:
I made you a promise.
Ah!
You'll go on to meet many people
throughout the course
of your life.
Your place is with them.
YUNA:
And with you!
(grunting)
Dada?
Wait! Stop!
Let me come with you, Dada!
(panting)
(grunts)
Take me!
Dada, I want to come with you!
Please!
Where's Dada?
(grunting)
When is Dada going to come back?
♪
(grunts)
(gasps)
Hey. What was that just now?
Hmm?
MAKOKAN:
Announcing Dr. Hohsalle Yuguraul
of the Otawalle Academy.
He has returned
from a rigorous journey
with a cure for the mittsual.
-Calm down, Makokan.
-Huh?
You're scaring people.
It's a bit hard to believe
anyone could've
discovered a cure.
-Is it true?
-Yes.
But if troops advance
on Fire Horse Village,
it will be lost to us.
It'd be wise to call them back.
You're saying we retreat?
That doesn't mean
you've been defeated.
The visit from
the Emperor's Eyes
has still been a great success.
I'm just asking you
to believe in me,
which means you have to
believe in Van.
♪
("One Reason" by milet playing)
♪ It's time to give up
♪ But I just don't wanna
(song continues in Japanese)
♪ Maybe I'm just
too much ♪
♪ But I can't forget
your touch ♪
(song continues in Japanese)
♪ There's one reason to love
♪ A million reasons to leave
(song continues in Japanese)
♪ I miss you, I miss you now
♪ But you'll never,
you'll never know ♪
♪ It's time
to get up ♪
(song continues in Japanese)
♪ I still remember your love
♪ Maybe I'm just too much
♪ But I can't forget
your touch ♪
(song continues in Japanese)
♪ There's one reason to love
♪ A million reasons to leave
(song continues in Japanese)
♪ I miss you, I miss you now
♪ But you'll never,
you'll never know ♪
♪ I won't ever let you go
♪ It's still the same
in my dreams ♪
♪ Don't leave me lonely
♪ I wanna hold you tight
♪ I won't let you go
♪ No, I won't let you go
♪ There's one reason
♪ To love you
♪ Still I'm calling your name
(song continues in Japanese)
♪ I miss you, I miss you now
♪ But you'll never,
you'll never know ♪
♪ There's one reason
to love you ♪
♪ Still I'm calling
your name out ♪
♪ I miss you, I miss you now
♪ But you'll never,
you'll never know. ♪
♪
(song ends)
(whistle screeches)
(whistle echoes)
♪
(gasps)
(gasps excitedly)
♪